fix(file-uploader): Added better error text for over max files (#3344)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: .changeset/purple-hotels-tease.md

---
'@aws-amplify/ui-react': patch
---

> Updated error text for over max files to be more explicit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: Updated error text for max file count to be more explicit.
```

Author: 👍

Author: [613ecbb](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ui/pull/3344/commits/613ecbbec83882cbffd7e56b105c839097dc47d1)
